I"<p>
Value of focusing on individuals rather than processes. I realized it is not the processes that make meaning individual interactions happen,
but instead, it is the humble commitment to provide service and to help others succeed that creates the conditions necessary for the kind of
individual interactions that help organizations shine.
</p>

<p> To be clear, processes are important for giving
structure and form to day to day operations, provide accountability and help ensure consistency
and transparency. Yet, what I'm describing is a phenomenon I've often observed from organizations
that misappropriate a higher value on process over individual interactions. When processes are valued more
than individual interactions, individuals can feel robbed of autonomy and a sense of team.
The anonyonimity of process can act as a buffer or barrier between different departments, and
often is used to insolate and solidify the sense of heirarchy and place between those towards the
top, from those at the bottom. When done right, individual interactions amplify the benefit and efficacy of process,
in part because individuals are more easily given autonomy when they are given voice, and when given voice,
are more driven for purposes larger than themselves. When individuals feel compelled to act on behalf
of the organization, because they feel that their place is valued and important to the overall aims
of the organization, then individuals can utilize the processes in place to amplify their actions
to maximize benefit and long-term success. Individual interactions amplify process because individual interactions
amplify the value individuals elicit from each other. In my experience, nothing holds people more accountable than their
commitments to those they respect. While individuals respect other individuals for a wide spectrum of reasons,
the respect that comes through individual interactions from a humble commitment to be of service
to others and help each other succeed is respect that cannot be tainted or forgotten easily.
</p>

:ET